---
date: 2023-03-05
authors: [dajor,FellowFellow,amierhaider,masadusman,WingsOfCobra]
categories:
  - enhancement
  - bug
  - reliability
  - performance

---


## KV - Backend
- Added support for new file formats
- Improved performance and scalability
- Improved user experience
- Improved accessibility
- Added new security features
- Bug fixes and stability improvements
- Bug fixes and performance improvements
- Updated version of the application
- Added new integrations
- Improved search functionality
- Added new reporting features
- Added new features to the IDP
- Improved user interface
- Improved documentation
- Initial release of the IDP for process documents
- Updated the code for better security
- Added new customization options


## API
- Added a new enum class REPORT_TYPE to define different report types.
- The code imports the `json` and `datetime` modules. The `json` module is used to load the `token_dict` parameter if it is a string. The `datetime` module is used to generate a unique filename if the `overwrite` parameter is set to `False`.
- Changed the `SCOPE` variable to include additional scopes for the Google Drive API.
- Alter the column 'store_type' in the 'doc2light-stores' table to increase its length from 10 to 20 characters.
- Added support for overwriting files in Dropbox when uploading documents.
- Added a call to `Stores.edit_store_login` to update the login credentials for the store after downloading files from Dropbox.
- Updated version number for release
- The code changes include adding a timer decorator to measure the time spent in a function, adding a try-except block to handle exceptions while uploading files to Dropbox, using WriteMode.overwrite instead of dropbox.files.WriteMode("overwrite"), and using os.path.join to join the Dropbox path and the file name. These changes will help improve the performance and reliability of the code.
- The code changes include adding a new function `adjust_refresh_login` that converts a `dropbox.Dropbox` object to a dictionary containing the access token, refresh token, and expiration time. The `authorized_token` function has been modified to accept a dictionary instead of a string token. The `get_files`, `download_files`, and `upload_files` functions have been modified to return a tuple containing the original response and the `dropbox.Dropbox` object.
- Updated the Fellow2KV library to the latest version
- Updated the authentication flow to use OAuth2
- Changed the `scopes` parameter to accept multiple scopes instead of a single string.
- Added support for Google authentication in the application
- Updated the doc2-api to version 2.2.527
- Updated the Fellow2KV library to version 2.2.525
- Updated the Fellow2KV library to version 2.2.524
- Updated the Fellow2KV library to version 2.2.523
- Updated version of the application
- Added a new condition to check if the 'overwrite' flag is set to True.
- Changes to improve the performance and reliability of the code
- Updated version of the FellowPro IDP application
- Updated dependencies to fix security vulnerabilities
- Changed the `SCOPE` variable to a list of scopes instead of a single string.
- The import and export folder fields were commented out in the create_store_element function.
- Updated the Fellow2KV library to version 2.2.522
- Added a new enum class REPORT_TYPE to define different report types.
- Added import statement for internal module
- The 'title' parameter has been added to the function signature.
- Changed the values_list to return the original case of the values instead of converting them to uppercase.
- A try-except block has been added to handle exceptions that may occur while saving the field_cropped_image. This will prevent the application from crashing if an error occurs during the image saving process.
- Added 'workflow' to the list of valid statuses for the triggers list
- Added support for Google authentication in the application by adding the Google client ID and secret to the environment variables.
- Added a new enum class REPORT_TYPE to define different report types.
- Added import statement for internal module
- Changed the way priority is calculated in the dashboard function
- The apply_script function now initializes a database session using the SessionLocal() function before executing the script. This ensures that the script has access to the database and can perform any necessary operations.
- The apply_script endpoint previously only accepted a single trigger for running scripts on a document. Now, it accepts a list of triggers, which allows for more flexibility in running scripts on documents.
- Added a try-except block to set the priority field of a document record if it is not already set and the field name is 'prio' or 'priority'.
- Changed the logic of the get_boolean_value function to return False if the value is 'unchecked', instead of only returning True if the value is 'checked' or 'true'.
- Added 'workflow' to the list of valid statuses for the triggers list
- Added support for Google authentication in the application by adding the Google client ID and secret to the environment variables.


## Web - App
- The code change modifies the behavior of the application.
- Changed the column_type options to include NUMBER and CURRENCY
- The order of the options in the column_type array was changed to match the order in which they appear in the UI. Additionally, two new options were added for NUMBER and CURRENCY data types.
- A new column has been added to the table for the title field. This will allow users to view and edit the title of each row in the table.


## Changes from Developers
| Description                                                                                                                                                          | Author   | Labels             |   Rating |
|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:---------|:-------------------|---------:|
| Updated version of the application                                                                                                                                   | Benedikt | `enhancement`      |        7 |
| Changed the `SCOPE` variable to include additional scopes for the Google Drive API.                                                                                  | Anian    | `enhancement`      |        5 |
| Updated the Fellow2KV library to version 2.2.522                                                                                                                     | Benedikt | `bug, enhancement` |        3 |
| Added support for Google authentication in the application by adding the Google client ID and secret to the environment variables.                                   | Asad     | `enhancement`      |        3 |
| Changed the logic of the get_boolean_value function to return False if the value is 'unchecked', instead of only returning True if the value is 'checked' or 'true'. | Amier    | `code smell`       |        5 |
| Changed the column_type options to include NUMBER and CURRENCY                                                                                                       | Asad     | `enhancement`      |        3 |