---
date: 2023-07-27
authors: [dajor]
categories:
  - Monitor


---

# Supercharge Your Productivity with Dual Monitor Support in Docbits


Elevate your document processing experience with Docbits’ dual monitor support. A feature designed to enhance your productivity, it allows you to split your workload across two screens. Here's a quick guide on how you can enable this efficiency-boosting feature.

## Simple Steps to Enable Dual Monitor Support in Docbits

Activating the dual monitor feature in Docbits couldn’t be easier:

- Start off in the User Area within the Docbits application.
- Find the specific module for dual monitor support.
- Turn on this module to activate dual monitor support.
- Choose the monitor where you’d like your documents to be displayed.

By following this quick process, you're all set to distribute your document processing tasks across two screens, maximizing your efficiency.

## Boost Efficiency with Docbits' Dual Monitor Support

With the dual monitor support activated, you can start reaping the benefits right away. Multitask like never before by managing your documents across two screens, enhancing your workflow and efficiency.

## Docbits Support: Enhancing Your Experience

Should you need more information on the dual monitor support or any other features, the Docbits Help section is your go-to guide. For personalized assistance, reach out to our dedicated Docbits Support Team. They're always on standby to help you make the most of your Docbits experience.