---
date: 2023-02-12
authors: [dajor,masadusman,amierhaider,FellowFellow,WingsOfCobra,Bennse666,shehryar-azam]
categories:
  - enhancement
  - bug
  - refactor
  - code-smell

---


## KV - Backend
- Updated version of the code
- Updated version of the application
- Updated dependencies to fix security vulnerabilities
- Updated the doc2-api to fix a bug related to document search
- Updated version number to 2.0.419
- Improved image trimming process and saved checkbox images
- Avoided potential rounding errors when converting float values to integers
- Handled cases where there are no classified pages
- Added new version of texthero library
- Increased threshold for filled checkbox fields
- Added try-except block to split PDF files
- Ensured correct attributes are accessed
- Fixed syntax errors and imported modules more efficiently
- Changed the default value of the 'locale_to_check' variable to the value of 'doc_locale_csn.value' if it exists, otherwise use the value of 'document['tfidf_locale']'.
- Added the update_classification_usage_log method to the API to allow for updating the usage log of the app for classification credit used.
- Refactored the code to handle cases where there are no classified pages.
- Refactored the execute_query and get_single_result functions to remove newlines from the query string and return the results as a list of dictionaries.


## API
- Add new columns to the 'import-email' table
- Added new routers for document processing
- Changed the type of the 'pending_credit' value from string to float before converting it to an integer.
- Added sub_doc_type parameter to get_document_data function
- Updated the doc2-api
- Updated version number
- Updated the Fellow2KV library
- Changed the input parameter of the transform_email2pdf function from messages to response_part
- Added json2xml library to the project dependencies
- The code has been modified to remove the query to the database and replace it with a None value. This is done to avoid unnecessary database queries.
- Added logging of email metadata to database
- Changed the for loop to iterate over the email message parts using the walk() method instead of iterating over the response tuple and checking for tuples. This ensures that all parts of the email message are processed, including attachments.
- The code change adds support for importing attachments from multipart emails in the pop_import and imap_import functions. Previously, only single-part emails were supported for attachment import.
- Removed a database query that was not being used and assigned a None value to the variable instead.
- Changed the condition to check if the folder is None or 'null'
- Changed the default values of some parameters to None instead of requiring a value to be passed in.
- Updated dependencies to fix security vulnerabilities
- Added try-except block to handle exceptions while importing email attachments. If the attachment is a multipart file, the code tries to extract the filename and transform the email to PDF. If the transformation is successful, the code imports the PDF to the system and logs the email details. If the transformation fails, the code logs the error and returns an error response.
- Add new columns to the 'import-email' table
- Commented out a block of code that was not being used
- Refactored the check_email_log variable to use type annotations and a query filter
- The default values for the 'service_type', 'whole_email', 'skip', and 'api_key' form parameters were changed from required to optional.
- The code now uses the `email.message_from_bytes` method to parse the email content and extract attachments. This replaces the previous method of using the `walk` method to iterate through the email parts.
- Updated version of the application
- The 'imap_import' function is currently returning a single response object, but it should be returning a list of response objects based on the 'responses' variable. This change will ensure that all responses are returned to the caller.
- pdfkit was added to the list of requirements in order to support PDF generation in the application.
- Added a new function to split a PDF on a stream using pikepdf library. The function first tries to split the PDF using PyPDF2 library, but if it fails, it uses pikepdf library to force the split.
- Updated the CircleCI pipeline trigger action to use the official CircleCI-Public version instead of the FellowFellow version.
- The import statement for pdfrw was changed to only import PdfReader.
- Changed the type of the 'pending_credit' value from integer to float before comparing it with the 'quota' value.
- The import statement for pdfrw.PdfWriter has been removed from the code.
- The code has been updated to use the PdfReader and PdfWriter classes from PyPDF2 instead of PdfFileReader and PdfFileWriter.
- Changed the type of the 'pending_credit' field from string to float before converting it to an integer.
- Changed the import statements for PyPDF2's PdfReader and PdfWriter classes.
- Importing BytesIO from io module
- Added a new function to split a PDF on a stream using pikepdf library.
- The code changes involve converting the value of the 'pending_credit' key from a string to a float before converting it to an integer. This is done to avoid any potential errors that may occur if the value is not a valid integer.
- This code change adds two new columns to the 'import-email' table: 'whole_email' and 'skip'.
- The import statement for pdfrw was removed from the code, which means that the code no longer uses pdfrw.
- Modified periodic tasks to run every 12 hours instead of 24 hours
- Updated logging messages to handle exceptions more effectively
- Added new class Doc2LightInforExport for exporting documents to Infor Cloud
- Added new parameters to several functions
- Removed unnecessary print statements from the codebase


## Web - App
- Updated version of the code
- Changed the class of the q-markup-table element to flat
- Removed unnecessary CSS styles for table headers
- Removed unnecessary click event handler and updated icon styling
- Modified the style of the file upload button and added a tooltip
- Added a new style to the autocomplete component
- Changed q-card class and increased max-height
- Fixed a typo in the 'edit_doc_type' key
- Added two columns to the table to display correspondent and path
- Changed the stroke color of class st9
- Changed the styling of table elements in the web application
- Removed unnecessary commented out code
- Changed the way the preview button is displayed
- Added line breaks to the content div
- Changed the max-height of .content
- Added a filter button to the search input
- Changed stroke color from purple to teal
- Changed conditional statement to remove unnecessary check
- Removed unnecessary code related to importing documents
- Added async/await to the beforeRouteLeave function to ensure that the releaseDocLock function is awaited before continuing to reset the record and page variables.
- The code change adds the area ID to the ID of the div element for table areas, which helps to uniquely identify each area and avoid conflicts with other elements on the page.
- The code change adds a new condition to check if allowAreaSelection is true before calling showConnectionFromField() function in the setFieldActive() method. This ensures that the function is only called when the allowAreaSelection flag is set to true.
- The code change adds a new property to the form_builder_store object and uses it to conditionally show the connection from field when the property is true. This change improves the user experience by allowing the user to select an area on the document and connect it to a field.
- Added a new prop 'allowMultiSelection' to the component which is a boolean type and has a default value of false. This prop is used to determine whether the areaType of the created rectangle should be 'input' or 'table'. If it is true, then the areaType will be 'table', otherwise it will be 'input'.


## Changes from Developers
| Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Author      | Labels                                       |   Rating |
|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------|:---------------------------------------------|---------:|
| Updated version of the code                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Benedikt    | `enhancement`                                |        7 |
| The code has inconsistent indentation and spacing which makes it difficult to read and understand. This can lead to errors and bugs in the code.                                                                                                   | Lint Action | `inconsistent-indentation, code-readability` |        6 |
| The code was trying to convert a string to an integer, which was causing an error. The fix was to first convert the string to a float and then convert it to an integer.                                                                           | Asad        | `bug`                                        |        5 |
| The update_classification_usage_log method was added to the API to allow for updating the usage log of the app for classification credit used.                                                                                                     | Amier       | `enhancement`                                |        3 |
| Added new routers for document processing                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Anian       | `enhancement`                                |        5 |
| Updated version of the FellowPro IDP application                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Benedikt    | `bug, enhancement`                           |        7 |
| Add new columns to the 'import-email' table                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Benjamin    | `database, migration`                        |        6 |
| Changed the type of the 'pending_credit' field from string to float before converting it to an integer.                                                                                                                                            | Asad        | `bug`                                        |        6 |
| Added code to replace org_id in doc_type if entityName is not found                                                                                                                                                                                | Amier       | `bug`                                        |        6 |
| Updated the version of the application                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Benedikt    | `bug, enhancement`                           |        3 |
| Added two new properties to the component: areaType and allowMultiSelection. areaType is used to determine the type of area being created (input or table) and allowMultiSelection is used to determine if multiple areas can be selected at once. | Shehryar    | `enhancement`                                |        5 |